Replace Entity.device_state_attributes with Entity.extra_state_attributes (#837)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/dev_101_states.md

<img src='/img/en/development/create-component01.png' />
</p>

In order to expose attributes for a platform, you will need to define a property called `extra_state_attributes` on the entity class, which will return a dictionary of attributes:

```python
@property
def extra_state_attributes(self):
    """Return entity specific state attributes."""
    return self._attributes
```

:::tip

> Entities also have a similar property `state_attributes`, which normally doesn't need to be defined. This property is used by base entity components to add standard sets of attributes to a state. Example: The light component uses `state_attributes` to add brightness to the state dictionary. If you are designing a new integration, you should define `extra_state_attributes` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Entities also have a similar property `state_attributes`, which should not be overridden by integrations. This property is used by base entity components to add standard sets of attributes to a state. Example: The light component uses `state_attributes` to add brightness to the state dictionary. If you are designing a new integration, you should define `extra_state_attributes` instead.
```
